You could create an entire course just on stitch because it really is a complete different offering
in addition to the mongodb database world.
This course of course is about the database which is why I only wanted to give a brief introduction
to stitch. Stitch really helps you build complete applications with everything you need, authentication
server side logic, even file storage
if you use a service like S3 then and of course, you have the entire mongo database, the entire database
world which you learned about in this course at your disposal too.
So if you're building modern applications and you want to focus on your code, on your logic, then using
a solution like stitch together with all the power and the cool features mongodb, the database gives you
is really a great approach that allows you to build amazing applications quickly.